Add introduction information to `index.md` (#52)
epiverse-trace/tutorials: index.md

site: sandpaper::sandpaper_site
---

## Epiverse-TRACE tutorials

> The Epiverse-TRACE tutorials are training materials for outbreak analysis aimed at [learners](../profiles.md) without extensive backgrounds and experience in modelling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Epiverse-TRACE tutorials are training materials for Outbreak Analysis tasks aimed at [learners](../profiles.md) who are willing to achieve basic competence in modelling and analytics.
```

Reviewer: I related the 'without' as a deficit or demotivating word ([link](https://carpentries.github.io/instructor-training/08-motivation.html)). In the edit suggestion I mixed your line with the line on "What will you learn?" from the lessons repo ([link](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/lessons/about.html)). I extended the 'in modelling' with the name of the fourth module of the ETK ([link](https://github.com/epiverse-trace/epi-training-kit/issues/3)).

The tutorials are built around the workflow of outbreak analysis split into three stages : early tasks, middle tasks and late tasks.

![An overview of the tutorial topics](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/task_pipeline-minimal.svg)

Task topics consist of one or more episodes. You can navigate to different episodes using the menu on the left hand side. Alternatively, you may find the topic you are interested in the [key points](../key-points.md) of each episode.

Each episode contains:

+ **Overview** : describes what questions will be answered and what are the objectives of the episode.
+ **Prerequisites**: describes what episodes/packages need to be covered before the current episode.
+ **Example R code** : work through the episodes on your own computer using the example R code.
+ **Challenges** : complete challenges to test your understanding.
+ **Explainers** : add to your understanding of mathematical and modelling concepts with the explainer boxes.

Also check out the [glossary](../reference.md) for any terms you may be unfamiliar with. 

## Related projects

> + R package vignettes : for R package `{package}` find the vignette located at `https://epiverse-trace.github.io/{package}/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ R package vignettes : for R package `{package}` find the vignette located at `https://epiverse-trace.github.io/{package}/`. [Look at all Epiverse-TRACE packages in our developer space](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/).
```

Reviewer: Given the code linking feature in the workbench ([link](https://github.com/epiverse-trace/tutorials/issues/25)), each package name will have a link to their documentation website, which include vignettes. Should we add a reference to the index website with the hexlogos of all packages ([link](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/))?

+ [howto](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/howto/) : reproducible how-to guides of outbreak data analysis tasks using R packages.

> + *COMING SOON* case studies : reproducible case-studies of outbreak data analysis tasks using R packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ [The Epidemiologist R Handbook](https://www.epirhandbook.com/en/index.html) : Quick R code reference manual with task-centered examples that address common epidemiological problems.
+ *COMING SOON* case studies : reproducible case-studies of outbreak data analysis tasks using R packages.
```

Reviewer: Similar to the {episoap} section on related projects ([link](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/episoap/#related-projects)), we can add also external projects related to materials focused on novice learners.

![An overview of the tutorial topics](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/task_pipeline-minimal.svg)

Task topics consist of one or more episodes. You can navigate to different episodes using the menu on the left hand side. Alternatively, you may find the topic you are interested in the [key points](../key-points.md) of each episode.

Each episode contains:

+ **Overview** : describes what questions will be answered and what are the objectives of the episode.
+ **Prerequisites**: describes what episodes/packages need to be covered before the current episode.
+ **Example R code** : work through the episodes on your own computer using the example R code.
+ **Challenges** : complete challenges to test your understanding.
+ **Explainers** : add to your understanding of mathematical and modelling concepts with the explainer boxes.

Also check out the [glossary](../reference.md) for any terms you may be unfamiliar with. 

## Related projects

+ R package vignettes : for R package `{package}` find the vignette located at `https://epiverse-trace.github.io/{package}/`. [Look at all Epiverse-TRACE packages in our developer space](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/).

> + [howto](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/howto/) : reproducible how-to guides of outbreak data analysis tasks using R packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ [How-to guides](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/howto/) : reproducible recipes with concrete steps to solve specific Outbreak Analysis questions.
```

Reviewer: Added in https://github.com/epiverse-trace/tutorials/commit/579b7262e6b7ff8512b88c04d81b86cf43e43e47
